README.md, before:

## Test the IOS SDK.

#### 1. Download and install the latest version of Xcode. (Make sure you have a Developer Certificate).    [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/)

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681651/537455aa-ed49-11e6-8467-463c0e42c0c3.png)

#### 2. Download our SDK package : [MathPix SDK](https://github.com/Mathpix/ios-sample)

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681654/5a2c8c28-ed49-11e6-8777-12e919d72484.png)

#### 3. Install cocoapods, do this through your terminal app. Instructions: [how to install cocoapods](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20755044/how-to-install-cocoa-pods)

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681640/4565c322-ed49-11e6-9cee-e48a2e25834e.png)

#### 4. Open the `MathPix-API-Sample.xcworkspace` file in Xcode.

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681636/3dfcc252-ed49-11e6-8cef-01e601a9b819.png)


#### 5. Click the `play` button to run it. Plug in an iOS device and select it to run it on the phone/tablet of your choice.

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681629/36cc317a-ed49-11e6-840c-5e6b33f21ecd.png)

##### (Choose Device)

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681646/4c001598-ed49-11e6-916c-80c2aceaba6b.png)

Commit message:

Added info about API keys, cleaned up a few things.

README.md, after:

## Steps to run the iOS sample app.

#### 1. Download and install the latest version of Xcode. (Tested with Xcode 8.2.1).    [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/)
#### 2. Clone the repo:
```
git clone git@github.com:Mathpix/ios-sample.git
```
#### 3. Install cocoapods if you haven't already:

You can find some instructions on: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20755044/how-to-install-cocoa-pods

#### 4. Open the `MathPix-API-Sample.xcworkspace` file in Xcode.

Or just run:
```
open ios-sample/MathPix-API-Sample.xcworkspace
```
in the terminal.

#### 5. Click the `play` button to run it. Plug in an iOS device and select it to run it on the phone/tablet of your choice.

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681629/36cc317a-ed49-11e6-840c-5e6b33f21ecd.png)

##### (Choose Device)

![](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/10217513/22681646/4c001598-ed49-11e6-916c-80c2aceaba6b.png)

#### 6.  Request API keys for long term use

Please email support@mathpix.com to get your own API key.  Once you obtain them, you can set those values in the code at `ios-sample/Mathpix/App/Constants.swift`.
